[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/powerpoint-tutorial.md

---
title: PowerPoint add-in tutorial

> description: 'In this tutorial, you'll build an PowerPoint add-in that inserts an image, inserts text, gets slide metadata, and navigates between slides.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this tutorial, you will build an PowerPoint add-in that inserts an image, inserts text, gets slide metadata, and navigates between slides.'
```
